Add more pointers to static auto-unseal (#3821)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/concepts/seal.mdx

but unsealing it using Shamir is a very manual process. For most users
Auto Unseal will provide a better experience.

Want an automated alternative to Shamir's stored in Kubernetes secrets,

> OpenShift Barbican, or similar static secret stores? Check out [static key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenStack Barbican, or similar static secret stores? Check out [static key
```

> auto-unseal](../configuration/seal/static.mdx) to avoid having to automate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auto-unseal](../configuration/seal/static.mdx) to avoid the discouraged pattern of automating
```

that uses recovery keys, such as `generate-root`, selection of the recovery
keys for this purpose, rather than the barrier unseal keys, is automatic.

:::info

Recovery key generation using auto-unseal can be delayed until after
initialization and thus requires a root or policy with `sudo` access. Just

> don't forget to generate them well before you need them!

Reviewer 2: It would be good to mention both how to delay it and how to perform the delayed retrieval.

Author: @satoqz The `sys/init` API docs already cover the default value of `recovery_shares=0` and what it means for this.

Reviewer 2: @cipherboy yes, but nobody ever sees that and I've had to point at it several times. It'd be good to link there, with an explicit note that it (delayed generation) is explained within those API docs.

Author: @satoqz Pushed, LMKWYT.
